one of the best things about being in aviation specifically and in the
Navy as a whole is the camaraderie that you establish with each other.
I think it's fairly unique to any to this type of organization.
There aren't that many other organizations where you're going to do
something you're gonna You could be in harm's way with this, these other
people and, uh, you know you need to have a personal connection
with them as well as professional. So I think it is appropriate both
with peers and with subordinates to no socially gather to have frank
conversations about personal lives. That way you get to know each
other. You know where people can't come from. You know what people
are thinking about and you can figure out ways to try and help him out.
Um, the. Unlike other other organizations, I think the line between
personal and professional is more blurry in the military, whether
it should be or not. But I think it's intentionally blurry as very
well met, perhaps should be. Obviously, there's some things you need
to be careful of. There is a line, but I don't think the line is well
established kind of, like one of those things, you know when you
see it. So what you need to do is ensure that you never see it. Nothing
could be construed is overly overly personal. There is a line between
you and your subordinates. You need to be clear. Well, what that,
Linus, but is that it doesn't need to be so stark and, uh, and
and and clear for that to be the case, you can also rely on your non
commissioned officers to help you establish that one.